[3546][ADD] stock_lot_suffix (#37)
qrtl/axls-custom: stock_lot_suffix/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module can add a suffix to the stock_lot. The display of the name in the stock_lot changes by this module when a specific partner or analytic plan is used.

Reviewer: Please use the `stock.lot` nomenclature (instead of `stock_lot`) for model technical names.

> This module can add a suffix to the stock.lot. The display of the name in the stock.lot changes by this module when a specific partner or analytic plan is used.

Reviewer: The explanation doesn't sound accurate.  Please improve this.

> This module provides the functionality to manage lot references by adding suffixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides the functionality to add suffixes to the display name of lots/serials.
```

> Suffixes are added in the following scenarios:
> 
> - When a purchase order is created with a supplier that the channel_category is set.
> - When a purchase order is created using an analytic plan that the lot suffix is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suffixes are added to lots/serials created from purchase receipts with following conditions:

- Purchase order has the channel_category set.
- Purchase order line has an analytic account with lot suffix.
```
